README.md, before:

![FOSDEM_Pre-seeds](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad760ab1-a01b-4aeb-b891-8c2bfc6abc60)

# Pre-seeds Research Training Program

Welcome! This repository houses a vision of making the research landscape more equitable and diverse - a “**Research 101” course**, undergoing development. This project aims to provide accessible and flexible research training for diverse audiences, including aspiring researchers, citizen scientists, professionals, and more.

## Project Overview

The Pre-seeds program is in the early stages of development, and is evolving as it grows.

It started as a beginner course designed to equip **aspiring researchers** with the foundational knowledge, skills and tools to embark on their journey. Gradually, it has morphed from the initial concept of a [cohort-based](cohort-based.md) training program to a [modular](modular-course.md) course structure. This approach allows for greater flexibility and inclusivity, catering to different learning needs and backgrounds.

### Key Features

1. **Modular structure**: The course is divided into standalone modules, each covering a specific aspect of research. This allows learners to choose modules that best fit their needs and interests.
   
2. **Diverse use cases**:
   - **Cohort-based training**: Aimed at aspiring researchers or individuals early in their research careers. The course can be delivered in a structure similar to [Open Seeds](http://we-are-ols.org/openseeds) or [Nebula](http://we-are-ols.org/nebula).
   - **Research Software Engineers (RSEs)**: Providing foundational knowledge of research for new hires, especially RSEs who do not come from academic or research backgrounds, with the aim of acclimatising them to the new work environment.
   - **Citizen Science**: Empowering individuals who have little to no previous knowledge of research to engage in scientific research.
   - **Professional development**: Enhancing research skills for various professional fields.
   - **Other use cases**: Open to additional applications as the program evolves.

## Roadmap
See our [roadmap](roadmap.md) for more details.

## How You Can Contribute
We believe in the power of collaboration and invite you to join us in shaping this program. To find out how you can get involved, read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.


## Contact

For questions, suggestions, or to express interest in collaboration, please reach out via [debs@we-are-ols.org](debs@we-are-ols.org).

Commit message:

Update README.md with link to Carpentries Workbench.

README.md, after:

![FOSDEM_Pre-seeds](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad760ab1-a01b-4aeb-b891-8c2bfc6abc60)

# Pre-seeds Research Training Program

Welcome! This repository houses a vision of making the research landscape more equitable and diverse - a “**Research 101” course**, undergoing development. This project aims to provide accessible and flexible research training for diverse audiences, including aspiring researchers, citizen scientists, professionals, and more.

## Project Overview

The Pre-seeds program is in the early stages of development, and is evolving as it grows.

It started as a beginner course designed to equip **aspiring researchers** with the foundational knowledge, skills and tools to embark on their journey. Gradually, it has morphed from the initial concept of a [cohort-based](cohort-based.md) training program to a [modular](modular-course.md) course structure. This approach allows for greater flexibility and inclusivity, catering to different learning needs and backgrounds.

### Key Features

1. **Modular structure**: The course is divided into standalone modules, each covering a specific aspect of research. This allows learners to choose modules that best fit their needs and interests.
   
2. **Diverse use cases**:
   - **Cohort-based training**: Aimed at aspiring researchers or individuals early in their research careers. The course can be delivered in a structure similar to [Open Seeds](http://we-are-ols.org/openseeds) or [Nebula](http://we-are-ols.org/nebula).
   - **Research Software Engineers (RSEs)**: Providing foundational knowledge of research for new hires, especially RSEs who do not come from academic or research backgrounds, with the aim of acclimatising them to the new work environment.
   - **Citizen Science**: Empowering individuals who have little to no previous knowledge of research to engage in scientific research.
   - **Professional development**: Enhancing research skills for various professional fields.
   - **Other use cases**: Open to additional applications as the program evolves.

## Roadmap
See our [roadmap](roadmap.md) for more details.

## Hosting
The Pre-seeds course is hosted in The Carpentries Workbench - see [Pre-seeds lesson repo](https://github.com/NPDebs/pre-seeds-research-101); and [lesson website](https://npdebs.github.io/pre-seeds-research-101/).

## How You Can Contribute
We believe in the power of collaboration and invite you to join us in shaping this program. To find out how you can get involved, read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.


## Contact

For questions, suggestions, or to express interest in collaboration, please reach out via [debs@we-are-ols.org](debs@we-are-ols.org).
